density\_calculator looks at the neighborhood of each localizations and counts number 
of neighbours in a defined region and assigns localizations a new field, e.g. "clusterdensity". 
This field denotes the number of neighbours in the region defined 
by the parameters in the plugin.

Later, this field can be used for color coding according to 
localization density by selecting this field in the renderer, colormode.

Specifically, you can define which localization are counted as neighbours, and for which localizations 
the number of neighbours are counted. This allows you to also count the numbers of neighbours of a different
color and to assess co-localization.

If neighbours have not been counted for a specific localization, the number of neighbours is set to -1.

gui:Parameters:
gui:channels Only count neighbours for localizations in these channels (a:b or a,b,c notation works).
gui:channelst=channels 
gui:countingregion count localizations weighted by a Gaussian function (more accurate) or localizations in circle/cylinder (faster)
gui:countingsize_xy radius of circle or sigma of gauss in lateral direction
gui:countingsize_z size of cylinder or sigma of gauss in z direction
gui:excludelayer Exclude the layer defined here from the neighbours to be counted 
gui:excludelayernumber=excludelayer 
gui:fileselector Determine if density calculation is performed only on the current file, on all files together
treated as one file or on each file separately.
gui:filtermore Define in addition the Channels and Layers that are used to determine for which localizations the neighbours are counted.
gui:layern Only count neighbours for localizations in these layers (a:b or a,b,c notation works).
gui:layerst=layern 
gui:newfield Name of the field in which the number of neighbours are saved. 
gui:newfieldt=newfield 
gui:refselection Select if you want to count the neighbours only for the filtered localizations in the ROI 
(typically those displayed), or for all localizations in the ROI, even if they are not displayed.
gui:reft 
gui:targett 
gui:text1=countingsize_z
gui:texta=countingsize_xy  
