This plugin gets intensities from camera images at positions of 
localizations and at transformed positions. 
It uses a transformation to find for every 
localization the position in the other channel and then determines 
the intensity in both channels. This can be achieved with different 
evaluation modules.


1.	Load a transformation. Load the camera images for the reference channel
and the target channel. In case reference and target are on the same camera chip
and thus saved in the same file, leave the reference file field empty.

2.	To determine the background, this plugin does quantile filtering (optional).

3.	Select one or several plugins which determine the intensity:

	 a.	Roi2int sum: uses a ROI (set size) to determine intensity, 
and a larger ROI for the background.

	 b.	Roi2int fit: Uses a Gaussian fit to determine 
intensity and background. The position is fixed to the fitted position. 
You can use the fitted PSF size or fix it. If fit on BG is checked, 
the background is subtracted prior to fitting and 
the fit is performed with background set to zero. 
Otherwise the background is a fitting parameter.
	 
    c.  Roi2int expPSF: Uses an experimental PSF 
model for fitting, or for a weighted intensity average.

4.	Press Run and when asked select the original raw 
camera images. The results are automatically saved with the ending "dc" 
in the file name.


gui:Parameters:
gui:Tfile File containing the transformation. Make previously with Process.Register.Register Localizations
or with the PSF calibrator.
gui:bgfunction Which function to use for background calculation. Currently only 
quantile is implemented.
gui:bgfunctionpar Parameter for the bg function. For quantile, the quantile value. Median corresponds 
to a quantile value of 0.5; 
gui:calculatebg Check this only if you need the background for determining intensities.
gui:evalref Get intensities for the reference channel.
gui:evaltarget Get intensities for the target channel.
gui:loadbuttonT Load the transformation file.
gui:loadbuttontifref Load the camera images for the reference channel.
gui:loadbuttontiftarget Load the camera images for the target channel.
gui:mirroremref Check if the reference channel was acquired with EM gain on an EMCCD
camera and thus is mirrored.
gui:mirroremtarget Check if the target channel was acquired with EM gain on an EMCCD
camera and thus is mirrored.
gui:numframes_bg Number of frames for background filtering.
gui:t1=numframes_bg
gui:tiffileref  File containing camera images for reference channel. In case reference and target are on the same camera chip
and thus saved in the same file, leave this field empty.
gui:tiffiletarget leave empty to retrieve position of camera image files 
from the file.info.imagefile in the localization data object.
Useful for batch processing.
