GPU and CPU-based single-molecule fitter for 2D and 3D data sets based on Maximum-likelihood esitmation (MLE). 
Implements Gaussian and spline interpolated PSF models. 
According to: Li et al, "Real-Time 3D Single-Molecule Localization Using 
Experimental Point Spread Functions." Nature Methods 15 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1038/nmeth.4661.

Data measured with sCMOS cameras can be fitted with an sCMOS specific fitter using the variance map of the camera. 
See Huang et al, "Localization-based super-resolution microscopy with an sCMOS camera". Opt Express (2011).

Fitting with phase-retrieved PSFs (parametrized by the Zernike coefficients of their aberrations) is still in development.

gui:Parameters:
gui:PSFx0 start value for PSF, or size of PSF when PSF fixed (in camera pixels).
gui:addgaussfit Additional perform a fit with a Gaussian PSF model. This can be useful, as a Gaussian fit resolts in more robust x,y
estimates, as the fitted coordinates in this case do not depend on z. On the other hand, an error in z for an experimental PSF model 
directly leads to an error in x,y.
gui:addgaussfit_mode Fit model for additional Gauss fit. Either fix, free for symmetric Gaussian, or elliptical for elliptical Gaussian when
using astigmatic 3D imaging.
gui:addgaussfit_t 
gui:addgaussfit_xyfrom Define if the final x, y coordinates are taken from the Gauss fit or from the main spline fit with an experimental PSF.
gui:asymmetry Determine a metric for asymmetry based on the eigenvalues of the ROI.
gui:cal_3Dfile 3D calibration file for experimental spline interpolated PSF model. 
 Generate from bead stacks with plugin: Analyze/sr3D/Calibrate3DsplinePSF
gui:dzZ Distance between z planes for intermediate reconstruction of the PSF.
gui:dzZt=dzZ
gui:fitmode Fit mode. Fit with constant PSF, free PSF, 3D with astigmatism, asymmetric PSF (for calibrating astigmatic 3D)
gui:isscmos Images were acquired with an sCMOS camera. Then here you switch on fitting using a variance map for the camera. This has to 
be selected in the camera Manager.
gui:iterations Number of iterations for the MLE fitter (typical 20-30).
gui:loadcal Load an experimentally derived PSF model (*3Dcal.mat)
gui:overwritePixelsize Select if you do not want to use the pixel size specified in the camera Manager but change it. This is often
necessary for astigmatic 3D SMLM if the cylindrical lens is not placed in the back-focal plane and thus causes compression of the image.
gui:pixelsizex New pixel size in x (nm)
gui:pixelsizey New pixel size in y (nm)
gui:refractive_index_mismatch Correction factor to take into account the different refracrive indices of immersion oil and buffer. 
 This leads to smaller distances inside the sample compared to bead calibration. 
 Bead calibration: in piezo positions (nm). 
 This factor transforms z positions to real-space z positions. 
 For high-NA oil objectives: typical 0.72 (range 0.7-1).
gui:roisperfit Number of 10 x 10 pixel ROIs passed to GPU for fitting. For other ROI sizes, the number is adjusted accordingly.
gui:roisperfitt Number of 10 x 10 pixel ROIs passed to GPU for fitting. For other ROI sizes, the number is adjusted accordingly.
gui:tPSFx0=PSFx0 
gui:text=iterations; 
gui:userefractive_index_mismatch 
gui:zmaxZ Maximum z value for calculating the phase-retrieved PSF.
gui:zmaxZt=zmaxZ 
gui:zobjective Position of the objective with respect to the coverslip. This is needed to calculate the in site PSF.
gui:zobjectivet=zobjective 
gui:zstart z start parameter. Use vector with several values for 2D PSF
gui:zstartt z start parameter. Use vector with several values for 2D PSF
