Performs peak-finding ont he filtered image using local maximum finding. After maximum finding, all maxima are filtered by a threshold value, 
and pnly maxima above the threshould are fitted.

The threshold can be an aboslue number, a value related to probabilities that the 
candidate is not part of the background [1], or dynamically calculated. 

To determine this dynamic value, we invstigate the rank of the intensity valuse of the maxima. As for low-density data most maxima
correspond to background, we determine the cutoff as a value sufficiently above the majority of values:

threshold=qs(2)+slope*0.5*2*factor

with

slope=(qs(3)-qs(1))/(ps(3)-ps(1))

qs(1), qs(1) and qs(3) are the 0.2, 0.5 and 0.8 quantiles, respectively, ps=[0.2 0.5 0.8]. factor is the dyanamic factor you insert in the GUI.

In addition, this plugin allows filtering out candidates that are too close together and where the proximity of the other fluorophore can lead to fitting errors
when using low density single-molecule fitting algorithms. However, you can also filter those out later using the log-likelihood filter.


[1] U. Koethe, F. Herrmannsdoerfer, I. Kats, and F. A. Hamprecht,
 SimpleSTORM: a fast, self-calibrating reconstruction algorithm for localization microscopy,
HISTOCHEMISTRY AND CELL BIOLOGY, pp. 1-15, Apr. 2014.

gui:Parameters:
gui:cutoffmode How to determine the cutoff: 
 Dynamic: use the distribution of pixel intensity to estimate likely localizations. Factor: adjust sensitivity. 
 Probability: use probabilistic model (SimpleSTORM) to determine the likelyhood for pixel being localization. 
 Absolut: Pixel intensity in normalized image. 
 Choose display=normalized to read out thes normalized values.
gui:cutoffstring 
gui:cutoffvalue How the cutoff value is calculated. \n Dynamic: relative factor as defined in the plugin description. Use values between 1 (low intensity fluorophores, will fit some background pixels) and 
3 (only fits brightest localizations.  \n
 Probability: directly probability p. ˙\n
 absolute: absolute cutoff on the filtered image.
gui:mindistance Minimum distance that two candidate peaks need to have to be fitted.
gui:use_mindistance Filter out candidate peaks that are too close together.
